Bonus Epilogue: Negotiations
Taneisha
I sauntered through the portal to my home with a glowering Ray hot on my heels. I couldn’t remember the last time he’d looked so out of sorts, but I suppose spending an extended visit in my maze could do that to a guy.
“Afraid I’ll leave you in the maze?” I asked.
He rocked his head, the horns atop his large, bull-like head sweeping from side to side. “You said you wouldn’t. As you’re fae, I know you’re compelled to stick to your word, but I didn’t want to take a chance you’d accidentally forget me again.”
I scoffed, but his words stung. “As if I could ever forget you?” Impossible, more like it. Yeah, I might have mentally blocked out how I’d tossed him in there to sleep off his wrongs. Noodling it around my brain, I had to wonder if I’d put those Goldenbriar Academy jerks into the maze specifically to force a confrontation with Ray.
I could be clever in the most subtle ways. No wonder I was always surprising myself.
“You’re a resourceful woman. I’m sure you’d find a way around the rules if you were determined.” He crossed his arms, his biceps flexing against his shirt. “Like you often do.”
I sighed at the sight. Even for a minotaur, he was huge and as muscular as a pro body-builder. “You’re wise to dish out the compliments.”
Ray’s bushy brow furrowed, but he didn’t rise to my bait. Instead, he took a half-step back. “How about sending me home?”
He was angry, but what had I expected? “Going so soon?”
Ray advanced, moving to stand only inches away, where he towered over me. I was tall for a fae, and yet I still felt diminutive next to him. The musk of his skin was pleasant, transporting me to memories of sweat-soaked sheets. I wanted to reach out, slide my arms around him, and pull him close, but that look on his face gave me pause. His anger was right there on the surface, but I didn’t back down. Ray had never given me reason to fear him, and this was no exception. 
He hooked his fingers under my chin, leveling me with his gaze. The brief contact was a shock to my system, stealing my breath. “Damn, I missed you. My spirited, capricious, Tany.” He heaved out a deep sigh. 
Ray was the only one who’d ever called me by that nickname. It was one he’d coined, and hearing it on his lips brought back memories of happier days. 
“You drive me crazy, yet I’m still soft on you, even after that maze. Are you willing to talk?” he asked, to which I nodded. His hands moved to his hips, and I craved the return of his touch. “Tell me how long you left me trapped in that maze of illusions? Also, how has my business fared while I was gone? And who’s taking care of Barry?”
My body might yearn for more, but this minotaur was in no mood for my flirtations. I focused my thoughts, determined to take Ray seriously. “You’ll be relieved to know that Barry the Brownie is on an extended vacation with my aunt Doris in Fiji. She absolutely dotes on animals.”
“Barry’s no usual pet,” he grumbled.
“I know he’s special.” My euphemism for constantly complaining. “Doris is hard of hearing, so his cursing will go unnoticed.”
“Lucky for your aunt. He hates humidity, so I expect he’s even more cross than usual.”
“Barry hates everything and everyone except you.” I poked his chest with my finger, smiling up at him.
He shrugged, impervious to my charms. “Go on,” he said, tone terse. 
Okay, so I wasn’t winning any, uh, brownie points for making sure his pet was okay. Seeing him again in the gloriously muscular flesh, especially now that my anger had cooled, I definitely wanted to make things better between us. I’d just have to try harder.
“I told Xavier that you were going on a vision quest, and he said not to worry and he’d handle the retreat center while you were searching for your soul truth.”
Ray huffed out a laugh. “Vision quest? There’s your creative wording, again.” He shook his head, wiping a hand across his forehead. “At least he’ll have kept things running smoothly.” Ray ran his hands over the muscles of his broad neck. “You know how this way you twist words riles me up. I swear, you can fit a lie into almost any box.”
I held my tongue. How could I counter that? He had me dead to rights. 
My creative explanations were also part of the reason he broke up with me.
“At least you’re not denying it,” he muttered. “Just how long now have I been on said vision quest?”
“About three months.” I squeaked out. 
Ray hmm’ed, but because of his size, it came out as a deep rumble. The vibration flowed through my body and warmed me to my core. Out of sight as he’d been, I’d forgotten how much I’d loved spending time with him. Just being around him, even. Now he was right here, but he was even angrier at me than before. Worst of all, I deserved every bit of his ire. I could think of a couple of ways to make it up to him, not that he looked receptive.
You locked him up because you didn’t want to lose him. You’re going to have to try a lot harder than leveraging feminine wiles to get him back.
Instead of replying, Ray turned away and walked deeper into my grotto. He grabbed himself a bottle of lemonade from the icy stream and popped off the top. He took a seat on my heather and thyme covered lounger under the willow, ignoring the fireflies that danced around his horns as he leveled me with his grouchy stare.
This was new. I’d expected he’d demand to be sent home as soon as possible. “What are you doing?”
“You said you’re willing to talk. I figured I’d get comfortable.”
I could suggest other ways to get more comfortable, but I held my tongue. Instead, I followed him over, but didn’t sit. Perhaps admitting being in the wrong would ease the tension between us? 
“What can I say? Obviously, I crossed a line, tossing you into that maze.”
“Yes. Yes, you did. You’ve taken ‘holding on’ to a new level, Tany.”
“I’m sorry about that. I was jealous and acted poorly.”
Ray’s nostrils flared. “Two unequivocal statements from the wee fae? Be still my heart.” He took a long pull from the lemonade. “Thank you for the apology. I’d expected you to move on gracefully, especially since you didn’t seem to have the time to dedicate to our relationship.”
This conversation was not going in the right direction. But what had I expected? Could I change his mind after keeping him in the maze? I took a deep breath. Try harder, again. “I thought we had real potential, Ray. I didn’t want to move on. I still don’t.”
Ray chewed over that for a moment. I opened my mouth to continue pleading my case, but he held up a hand. “Do you deny you were often too busy to get together?”
“I’ll admit that, yes, I have a lot going on and have trouble making time around my hobbies, but that doesn’t mean I wasn’t willing to keep trying.”
I watched him consider that for a few moments. “Due to the massive inconvenience of my extended stay in your maze, I figure you owe me more than an apology.” Ray patted the lounge next to him. “Have a seat.”
I had some ideas, most of which didn’t involve talking. I hesitated only a moment before taking a seat next to him. “What did you have in mind?”
I couldn’t take my eyes off Ray and the way his muscles played across his chest under his tee shirt, the tension in his broad neck, even the way his lips curled with the slightest of smiles. 
“You’re not even paying attention,” he mumbled.
I met his gaze. “I’m trying, and I swear I want to make it up to you. I guarantee you have my full attention.”
“Make it up to me, eh?” he asked, and then gave me a long, measured look. “I’m curious how the group I met in your maze and your hobbies are connected.”
“Oh them? I knew those guys back at Goldenbriar Academy, and that payoff has been a long time coming.”
He arched his brow. “Unlike me, they definitely have no problem holding your attention. Tell me more about this payoff.”
Okay, that stung, but he had a point. “Those five guys teased and pranked me the entire time at the academy. They knew I couldn’t use my magic without getting in trouble, so I guess they figured they were free to pick on me. I’ve been planning how to repay their unacceptable behavior. When the opportunity sprung, I jumped on it.”
“What opportunity?”
“They had this big, public party at Velvet and brought a bunch of their priceless artifacts together,” I started. I then explained how I’d stolen the legacies, hidden them, and then lured the guys with my quests to get their stuff back.
“You’ve gone to extremes over slights that happened so many years ago, Tany. You’ve got to know how ridiculous that sounds.”
How could I make Ray understand my point of view? “Look, I’m not letting them get hurt.” At least, not after Sera bargained for the group’s safety with a threat of war with the mage house Lowe, I wasn’t. “Well, not much, at least. At the worst, those remorseless bullies lose some items. Maybe they even learn something about consequences. Besides, I deserve some sort of payback for the pain they paid me.”
Ray’s ear twitched, a clear tell of his irritation. “Let me see if I get this right. They bullied you, and you did nothing to earn their slights or escalate the situation?”
I bit on my lower lip. I might have goaded them on a time or two, especially when I thought it might get them caught. “Well, when you put it like that, maybe I did? Just a little.”
He gave a slight nod, and his expression was understanding. “I thought so. You’re telling me this situation was big enough to be more important than attending my mom’s charity gala with me?”
Ouch. I’d forgotten about that. “No, of course not. It was just bad timing. Setting everything up for this payback got a bit more time intensive than I’d expected.”
“Sounds like you let yourself get carried away.”
I started to explain myself, but Ray held up his hand to stop me.
“No, you definitely did. Tell me, Tany, do you remember how we met?”
My stomach fluttered at the memory of the first time we’d met, which was at his retreat center. 
“My mother paid for me to attend a weekend retreat at The Chillax Center because I was ‘dwelling on the past’ too much. There was an intensive on ‘reframing anger to get to the deeper truths,’ which was all right, I suppose.”
“What were your takeaways?”
“I realized I needed to work out my past with these Goldenbriar guys, but in the present moment. It took some time to pull everything together, but that’s what I’m doing now. Paying them back one bully at a time.”
Ray ran a hand over his face. “I’m confident that’s not what was intended by your ‘reframing anger’ instructor, Tany.”
I frowned, and then shrugged. “That’s what I got out of it. Xavier led that ropes challenge on learning to trust your path, but it was a weird group activity, so I bailed and went on a walkabout around the lake.”
Ray chuckled. “Which was where I found you, lost in the marsh reeds.”
I leaned closer, placing my hand on his thigh. “And you, my hero, rescued me.”
Ray’s gaze locked on my hand for a moment before rolling up my body. Why had I worn such a simple black jumper? Almost any of my other outfits would have done more for my figure at this moment. I considered transforming my outfit into something more alluring, but then I caught myself. I didn’t want Ray thinking I wasn’t paying attention.
“Despite your time at the center, I feel you still have some lessons to be learned.”
“I hope you’re the one to teach me?”
Ray shook his head, sighing. “You’re not distracting me this time, little minx. You want to make it up to me? Show me you’ve evolved.”
I forced down a gulp. Had I evolved? Could I evolve? If I did, would it be enough to be the person Ray needed me to be?
“Uh, how?”
“What if, for the sake of argument, there was another way to reframe and move on from the pain those guys inflicted?”
I slumped back against the couch. Was this the price to win my way back into his good graces? “Ray, honey, I’m kind of in the middle of my process right now.”
“Hear me out. What if, instead of inflicting this delayed retribution, you choose a higher path?”
“Higher like…” I started.
“Higher, like a win-win scenario.”
The prospect of letting the guys off the hook didn’t appeal. In fact, it left a bitter taste in my mouth, especially after all the work I’d gone through to arrange things. However, missing out on this opportunity to win back Ray wasn’t an option.
“They need to learn a lesson from their bad behavior. Besides, I already promised the guys five trials to win back their legacies. I can’t break my word.”
Ray tucked my hair behind my ear and then cupped my jaw in his hand like he used to do back when we were dating. I thrilled at the contact and leaned into his touch, but kept my gaze locked with his. “I’m confident in your ability to honor your word while also changing the game to inflict less harm.”
I noodled about it for a moment. “You mean just make the quests easy?”
“What if you tried using your powers, not for punishment, but you know, for helping?”
I slowly blinked at him. “You want me to use my power for… good?”
A smile flickered across his face. “Would that be the worst thing ever?”
“Fae are born tricksters, Ray. It’s part of who we are.”
“I was born a minotaur, but look at me now. I’m not the monster of myth, rampaging and destroying everything around me. I broke that cycle. You’re only limited by your choices. There’s more than one way to be a trickster. What about being a tricky helpster?” I frowned, but he gave me an encouraging, gentle smile. “I’m sure you’re creative enough to find a way.”
“I’ll think about it,” I replied, voice quiet. What would that version of me look like? Would I like how it felt?
Most importantly, could I unwind the worst of what I had already set in motion for the academy boys?
“Do that. Wait, how is the woman, Sera, involved?” he asked.
“She went to the academy with us. I liked her. She always treated me with respect.”
“Then how’s she connected to the guys?”
“Emrys tried to have her mediate and negotiate the legacies back without doing the quests, but I didn’t budge. She stays to help the guys, but sometimes throws her mage weight around to force my hand, which is ironic as her magic is chaotic and fickle. As in, something weird is going on there. Anyway, I’ve offered to send her home a couple of times, yet she won’t leave them.”
“They seem pretty possessive of her, too,” Ray said.
A bubble of laughter escaped my lips. “She’s their mate. As in all of them, if you can believe that?”
“What?” he asked, eyes wide. 
“Sera’s mating marks appeared after they passed through the portal together to the first quest. She accused me of doing it, but it’s fate’s hand, not mine.”
“Could it be related to her chaos magic?”
“No idea, but it’s fun to watch from behind the curtain.”
Ray sat quiet for a moment, his bushy brow furrowed. “Have you considered what you might owe Sera in this situation?”
“Owe? What do you mean? Like a boon?” Owing a boon was serious business, an unwelcome ledger entry not in my favor. If it were the case, I’d need to resolve it as soon as possible.
“Sera got caught up in your games of retribution, but she’s not someone who wronged you. Aren’t you violating your own rules?”
He had a point, but I didn’t have to like it. “She’s chosen to stay,” I reminded him.
Ray shook his head and then rose to his feet. “Agreed, but that doesn’t clear you. By your own accounts, you owe Sera.”
I shot to my feet, rattled by his words. “I suppose you have a point.”
“It’s been good to talk, Tany, but it’s past time I get going.” He leaned close and whispered into my ear. “The woman I can love is one who can let go of retribution. One who can reimagine herself. One who can move past her childhood pain and move forward into the future unencumbered.”
The murmur of his words in my ear, feeling his strength pressed against my body, turned me to jelly. “I love it when you mumbo jumbo transformation talk to me.”
He chuckled. “Open me a portal, Tany,” he whispered. “To Chillax.”
I couldn’t deny him or keep him away from his home one moment longer. Besides, I needed time to think about his request. I snapped my fingers, and a portal opened to the labyrinth at The Chillax Center.
“Come visit me when you’ve wrapped up this mess with your old academy friends. There’s a tantra class I think you should check out.”
I pulled myself up onto my tiptoes to plant a kiss on his broad, soft nose. “I’ll visit soon.”
Ray pulled me into a breath-stealing hug for a few blissful moments, and then he was gone through the portal, which blew out of existence after his passage.
I could change. For a future with Ray, I knew I could. But Franc’s quest was already in motion, locked in place, even. I wasn’t sure what all I could do to help, but I’d have to try.
If I wanted to get back in Ray’s good graces, I’d have to clear my ledger.
* * *