The Invitation
Taneisha
“Hey T! Open up! I scored the invitation.”
I threw open the door and frowned at Jax who’d interrupted my train of thought. She was one of the few beings I’d granted access to my demesne because every time she showed up, mischief was afoot. What kind of fae would I be if I passed up on mischief? Not me. I was born to it like a fish to marshmallows.
Knocking on my front door would send anyone not on my approved list down a chute and into a conveniently located oubliette where I could safely evaluate their offers of magazine subscriptions and popcorn balls at a more convenient time.
Which reminded me; I really needed to do my weekly oubliette check. 
Jax waved a pale pink paper scented with roses and jasmine in front of my nose, drawing me out of my reverie like a moth to the flame. “Did you hear me, faeness with the mostest? I got us in!” By the self-satisfied smile lighting up her features, I knew I just had to be excited on her behalf. 
“Wait, an invitation to what?” 
Jax rolled her perfectly kohled eyes. It was then I noticed how she’d dressed in a formal black suit, the buttons of her tailored shirt left strategically open as far as the jacket allowed, baring a dangerous level of cleavage. She looked like a viking warrior queen with her auburn hair pulled up into a curly, braided mohawk with a few strands of peekaboo white escaping capture. The kitsune demon looked primed for the kill. Luckily her secret weapons were always at the ready.
“Let me back up and roll back through it for you slow like. I have an invitation to the most exclusive party in town where I’ve heard the naughty gents you’ve been looking for will be in attendance. It’s Club Velvet’s blow out party. Look at the title!”
The invitation had the words ‘The Boys are Back’ emblazoned in gold leaf across the front in a large, scripted font. It also read ‘by invitation only’ in the fine print.
I immediately realized that boys were the five miscreants who’d tormented me throughout our days at Goldenbriar Academy together. It’d been a few years since we’d graduated and gone our separate ways, but I’d sworn to plot, scheme, and deliver the perfect retribution, and I wasn’t about to let that go for some dirty drinks and dancing.
Or was that drinks and dirty dancing? Whichever. No dirty drinks nor dirty dancing. Not until they paid for what they’d done to me.
I scowled in Jax’s general direction. “Jax, I didn’t ask you to take me to a party with those dastardly dudes. I asked you to help me plot the downfall of my enemies. Why would I want to go to a party with them?”
“Because…” She slow-blinked at me. “They’ll all be together and this fab five rarely ever hangs together, much less in public. This is a rare and valuable opportunity I’ve delivered for you, fae. Appreciate me,” Jax demanded, tossing her hair over her shoulder.
I relented, not just because Jax was the smoothest kitsune I knew, but also because she was right. “You’re right, it’s a perfect opportunity. You are the cleverest fox in town!” I’d been waiting for this opportunity for far too long, and this sly gal had delivered. “How did you get the invitation?”
She shrugged, like it was nothing. “My bear-shifter friend Dusk knows the bouncer, Marcos. He traded some specialty shifter hooch for this invite. I overheard him bragging about it at the supe bar last night, and not so gently reminded Dusk that he owed me one. Thus, now I also have my very own petal pink paper.”
I felt my left eye twitch at the mention of the panther-shifter Marcos’ name. He was on my list. One of the five who’d wronged me.
“You’re one shrewd fox, Jax.”
She inclined her head slightly. “And you love it.”
My fingers itched to snatch the paper out of Jax’s hands, but I knew better. She might not be fae, but the sly demon was every bit as diabolical and clever as one of us, which was part of the reason I respected her. 
“What will the invitation cost me?”
Jax golden eyes twinkled. “For the low, low price of a favor, you can be my plus one tonight.” 
"I'll give you a favor, but only if you hand over the invitation. I'm going alone." I reached for the paper, but Jax pulled it back toward her chest, the corner of her mouth hiking up. 
"No can do, my flighty fae friend. The invitation was issued to me and me alone, so I have to be the one to redeem it. Plus, there’s a ban on using magic in the club. You’re going to need my help."
I rankled at the thought of needing anyone’s help, but Jax had a point. Me going without magic was like a thunderstorm without rain. “What kind of miscreant bans magic? Wait, even portals?”
“Especially portals!”
“Boo.” I pouted. “I mean, not like I was planning anything.”
“Of course you weren’t. One more thing, there can be no stipulations on my favor.”
I rolled my bottom lip between my teeth. Maybe it was good to go with her? Perhaps I'd fit in more than going it alone. And not just a favor, but an unbounded one? Just how much was this going to cost me to get my revenge? 
Jax patiently awaited my response as she tapped the invitation against her chin. 
Luckily for Jax, I would pay quite a hefty fee to accomplish my ends. “You want everyone to owe you,” I whined. 
Undeterred, Jax shot me a knowing smile and then shrugged. “Got to keep life interesting. I know you understand. So what do you say? Are you ready to party?” She tap, tap, tapped the invitation, waiting patiently for my answer. 
“It’s a big favor just to get inside Velvet,” I hedged.
“You know it’s not just the party,” Jax replied. “Rumor is, they’re boldly showing off some priceless artifacts to commemorate the event.”
My breath caught in my throat. Priceless? I’d been looking for leverage over them for years. What she’d suggested was a perfect opportunity to force those awful gents into some richly deserved payback. “You’re certain the rumors are true?”
Jax nodded. “Dusk confirmed that the fab five have been partying all day long and they have some sort of ridiculous case set up in a trophy room to show off their shit too. But my point is, all five will be there, we have a ticket, and you can go right up to them and get your sweet, sweet payback.”
Jax knew nothing about my plans, only that I’d offered her a worthy payoff for helping me exact revenge. She didn’t know the lengths I’d gone to already. No one did. She just knew I'd offered to pay handsomely for a shot at all of them together.
“A display?” I leaned in closer. “Tell me more?” I asked in a whisper. 
Jax rattled off a lot of rather boring details about Franc's, the owner of Velvet and one of the five who'd earned my ire, gaudy trophy display. I tried to pay attention, but I was already three steps ahead of her, plotting out how to hook these fickle fishes.
I grabbed Jax by the wrist and pulled her inside, slamming my door shut behind her. “I’ve got my plan, now it’s time to get dressed.”
* * *

 
The Dress Makes the Fae
"How can you already have a plan when I just told you about this invitation?" Jax asked, gawking at the scenery as she followed me into my home. “You know, this is only the third time you’ve let me in here? I don’t remember you having a stream in the living room last time.”
For a fae, my place was pretty standard. The waterfall shower and bathing pond. A raised bed of moss and lavender. The kitchen was all Wolfy primo brand, because why wouldn’t I want the very best, and who said stainless steel clashed with moss and leaves? I walked around the central oak, patting its trunk fondly as I passed by. 
“What can I say? I’m very discerning in my company. I tried out the water feature on a whim, and I found the babbling brook so soothing. I got the idea from an episode of Supernatural Estate Brothers. Aren’t they just so dreamy?”
Jax pursed her lips, seemingly dubious. “I can’t say I watch for the property remodeling. I keep waiting for the half-brothers to throw down, what with one being a wolf shifter and the other a vampire. It keeps me hooked, despite having no interest in picking up power tools myself.” She picked up a large oak leaf from the floor and then shook her head. “How do you even know what’s plants and what’s furniture in here?”
“The plants embrace the furniture, Jaxy. Also, I just know.” I rounded a hedge and threw open the door to my extensive closet. Wandering through the room, I tried to remember where I’d socked away the perfect dress. "And I always have a plan, don't you?"
Jax shrugged, but watched me from the doorway to my bedroom. "Fair point. I take it this plan of yours starts with getting dressed for the party, which I applaud, as we don’t have all night."
"The dress makes the fae," I proclaimed. Then I saw it: magical fae perfection on a hanger. "Oh, here it is!" Triumphant, I pulled the weighty dress of multicolor roses off the hanger, crushing it tight against my chest. The perfume of roses filled my senses. "This dress is perfect. Don’t you think so?"
"That was an unusually speedy choice, so I’ll admit I’m more than a little suspicious. It's not a very, how should I put this, subtle gown. The mass of that dress is like wearing ten rosebushes plus cleavage.”
“It’s my summoning dress, and it’s perfect for tonight. While I can’t do magic in the club, this dress can sneak in under their radar. It’s filled with magical pockets and charms. Think of it as pre-magicked magic.”
Jax rubbed her temples. “Of course you have a summoning dress,” she whispered under her breath. Like I couldn’t hear her?
I held my tongue, but only because of the invitation in Jax’s hand. I spun my finger in the air. “Turn around so I can change, foxy.”
"Okay," she turned away from me and took a sudden interest in my collection of high-heeled shoes. "Explain to me why you need a summoning dress at this party."
I quickly slipped out of my clothes. "Like I said, it's part of my plan."
"Tell me more, fae. I know you wanted all the five together, but I don't know what you have in mind. I'm sneaking you into this club and I'd like to know what all you have planned once you get there."
I slid into the dress, aware of the weight and delicacy at the garment as it laid against my curves like a glove. Sure, the auto-fit feature was yet another enchantment woven into the dress, but when you’re going all out, only a fool would skimp on fashion. I smoothed the straps over my shoulders and wrangled with the voluminous petal bound skirt layers. The train on this dress might have been better suited to a wedding, but I adored the look.
"What do you think?" I asked Jax.
She spun around and stared at me in shock. "That's certainly a statement piece. It accentuates all of your curves in the best ways."
"You know what’s even more impressive? It's got pockets! Multiple pockets! And you can bet I'll be making a statement. One those five will never forget, I promise you." I sashayed over to the shoe wall and picked out a pair of practical low-heeled boots and then carefully rearranged my skirts so I could slide my feet into the boots around the rosy masses. 
"The plan is… what again exactly?" she prodded, leaning up against a door frame.
I supposed I could tell her something. Perhaps Jax would be of more help if she understood my plight? 
I adopted my most aggrieved tone of voice. "You need to understand these boys terrorized me back at Briarwood Academy. They were inseparable and moved together like a pack despite being from different backgrounds and species. Frank and Emrys are demigods, Marcos a panther shifter, Liam a wolf shifter, and Caden an incubus. They're all trouble. Together, they’re a menace."
While we were chatting I searched through my things for the tools I knew I'd need this evening. Inside one of my closet drawers, I found an enchanted purple knit infinity scarf which I tucked into one of my many pockets. 
"From day one they had it out for me. Always picking on me," I continued. I moved my search out into the living room where I picked a bowling pin off of a pedestal. How could I leave home without this beauty? "I never even understood how I'd earned their disfavor."
"You’re sure you didn't start anything with them first?"
I tapped the bowling pin against my thigh. What else did I need? What had Jax asked? Oh yeah!
"Of course I didn't! I mean, there was that one time I doused them all with their own personal rain clouds all morning, but I was only introducing myself, supe to supes. Letting them know I was someone to be reckoned with."
"Gosh, what a mystery. Sounds like they got the message, though," she replied. "So now what? Are you going to face them down and tell them off for how they behaved all those years ago?"
I located another pocket, tucking the bowling pin into its depths.
Jax arched her brow. "You're not going to hit someone with that, are you?"
"No! Never." Well most likely not. What else did I need? I grabbed some marbles out of a hollow in the oak and stuffed them into another pocket. "I've been scheming for the perfect way to teach them each a lesson they'll never forget. I swear I won't even do anything bad to them. Tonight. I just need to leave them a message. Oh, that reminds me!"
I found what I was looking for on my kitchen counter. I'd been prepping the portal stone for weeks, getting it ready for just such an occasion. I picked it up and showed it to her. It was fairly lightweight, considering it was the size of a small dinner plate, and brown.
"Actually, let's call it an invitation. And this stone may not look like much, but it packs a mighty wallop."
Jax laughed, shaking her head. "What fool would accept an invitation from a fae? No offense intended."
"None taken. That’s why my invitation has to be undeniable. I need leverage." I slid the enchanted portal stone into yet another of my voluminous pockets. Grabbing a pen and a piece of stationary off my counter, I tucked those into the pocket with the portal stone. I flicked my fingers, opening a portal from my living room to the parking lot outside of club Velvet. "Let's get this party started."
* * *

 
Club Velvet
“Stop bouncing about like a rabbit,” Jax ordered. “You’re already drawing enough attention with your dress.”
"Who can blame them? This dress is a showstopper." I craned my neck around trying to figure out how much further we had to wait in line. I could see the pink velvet barrier rope cordoning off the entryway from the club proper. Now that we were almost in the door, I could hardly hold back my excitement to set my plan in motion. "It feels like we've been here forever."
"It's only been 5 minutes, T," Jax said. Then she leaned in and whispered in my ear. "I don't understand you. Why aren't you wearing something you could sneak around in, considering you’re sneaking in?"
I took a deep breath and straightened my spine. "This fae sneaks for no one."
Jax slowly double blinked her eyes, as if she had to take an extra moment to digest my truth bomb, but then she let out a bubbly laugh. "You're right. I would expect nothing less." The line moved forward, and she leaned in close. "Try to contain your greatness, princess, we're up next."
I smoothed the tapestry of petals where my bodice flared out into the layered, voluminous skirt. I plastered on what I knew from practice was my most winning smile, and took a deep breath. 
And then we were up.
“Ticket?” asked a lanky man with cropped platinum hair. His eyes shone with a preternatural silver sheen, so I sensed he was some sort of shifter. No big surprise to find a shifter working bouncer duty as they were known for their brawn and ability to read people. 
Jax handed the invitation to the bouncer who took it and sniffed deeply. He looked us both over, his nose rankling when he turned my way. “You’re kitsune,” he nodded to Jax. “But I can barely scent you over that bush you’re wearing,” he said to me. “Fae?”
I nodded, but I didn’t appreciate his monotone sensibilities. “The sacrifices we make for fashion,” I snipped back.
He threw the invitation down on top of a pile of others stacked on a black enameled hostess stand. “I think the rosebush did the sacrificing today,” he drawled. “We’ve got a no weapons policy. I trust you’re thorn free for this event?”
My spirit was full of thorns for the craptastic five, but at least I could answer the bouncer’s question honestly. “The dress is thorn and cruelty free. Where’s Marcos?” I asked. Jax shot me a curious glance, but I kept my attention on the shifter.
“He’s got the evening off, sugar. It’s his party, after all.” His gruff voice was at odds with his refined demeanor. “You’ll likely find him if you try. Can I tell him who’s asking after him?”
“No, but can you give him something for me? Just in case I can’t find him?”
The shifter narrowed his gaze at me like I was some sort of puzzle he couldn’t quite solve. Yeah, good luck with that! “Sure, what do you got?”
I reached into a pocket, groped around for a moment, and then found what I was looking for. I pulled the bowling pin out and held it out to the bouncer. “This is a gift for Marcos.”
He hesitated, but then gingerly took the pin from me, as if worried it might be more than it appeared, and his hunch would be right. “Does he even bowl?”
I couldn’t hold back my smile. “No idea anymore, but he’ll recognize this.”
His gaze shifted between me, the bowling pin, and my dress. “Okay, seems harmless enough. Do you have anything dangerous up that skirt?”
“No, just the girlie essentials. Some lipstick, marbles, a scarf, my feminine wiles…”
“Marbles?” he asked, the slightest wince creasing his features.
“I wouldn’t want to lose my marbles, so I keep a close eye on them.”
The bouncer let out a groan and shook his head. He set the bowling pin down next to the pile of invitations atop the stand next to him. “I’ve heard enough. You ladies enjoy your evening,” he said, drawing aside the pink velvet rope and waving us on through the entryway.
I sashayed down the hallway towards the dance club like it was my own private runway. Within the club, black lights and strobes ruled and my rose dress lit up with ethereal shades of white, green, and blue. The thudding of the bass, so strong I felt my heart shudder with each beat, drowned the music out. The effect lulled me into motion, swaying with the rhythm and momentarily forgetting my cares. 
I held two fingers over my navel and then spoke to my dress. "Dress, play You Light up my Eternity." The cords blared out, discordant with the club's steady beat. I spun in circles, watching my dress glow under the flashing lights.
"Your dress has speakers and a playlist?" Jax asked.
"I told you it's enchanted! It even does karaoke!"
Jax asked me over the boom boom boom of the music. “Do you want to grab a drink or dance for a while?”
“Neither." I tapped the dress, and the song stopped. It was time to get to work. "I need the lay of the land. I take it you’ve been here before?”
“Straight to business. I can respect that. I’ve been here a couple of times. Allow me to show you around?” 
Jax offered me her elbow and directed me through the hopping dance hall and through a pair of large ornate doors into an unexpected but delightful garden. Unlike the wild atmosphere of the dance hall, this was a calm space full of manicured cedars, exquisitely carved fountains full of dolphins and cherubs, life-size anatomically correct marble satyrs, and conveniently spaced benches. 
“This is not the realm of debauchery and wild abandon I’d expected from a demi-god of Dionysos,” I said.
Jax winked at me, leading us around the perimeter of the gardens. “Franc’s space has the standard bacchanals too, but I doubt those are the area of Velvet where we’re headed tonight. Over there,” she pointed to a dome-shaped building with an arched entryway, “is the Temple. Then there, in that low building at the far end of the garden, is the Den of Iniquity.”
“This place is huge, I wouldn’t have guessed that from the outside.”
Jax nodded. “I haven’t even seen all of it, just the highlights.”
“Is there a pool too? This club would be off the hook with a pool!”
“Nope, no pool, T. What’s the story with the bowling pin?”
“Oh, that’s a funny story. Back at Briarwood Academy there was this popular bowling hang out. Marcos and I were both there one night, each with our own friends. He was, of course, killing it and leading the scoreboard, not just with his team, but with all the bowlers that night. Someone must have cursed me because I couldn’t hit a single pin. So, during the final set I enchanted Marcos’ pins to run away from his balls. I don’t think they ever caught all of them.”
Jax frowned. “So, when Marcos sees that pin, he’ll know it’s from you?”
“When it takes off into the crowd, you bet he will. It’ll cause havoc and he’ll know without a doubt that I was here!”
“Marcos knowing you’re here is a good plan, why?”
“He needs to know I’m coming for him. For all of them.” Done dallying with the tour, I pulled Jax aside. “You got me inside the club, as promised, fox, so I’ll pay up on that favor when you call it in. Now, it might be best if we go our separate ways so you aren’t tangled up in my plans.”
Jax threw her head back, releasing peals of laughter. “Oh, you can’t get rid of me that easily, fae. I’m in it to win it.”
“In that case, let’s hunt trophies!” I exclaimed. 
* * *

 
The Heist
“You may want to hunt, but finding those trophies requires more of a gander.” Jax pointed to an alcove at the north end of the garden along a wall that ran from the nightclub to another extensive building. The alcove was notably lit up with bright spotlights and two guards stood watch on either end. At the center of those spotlights was a gleaming case hanging on the back wall.
Their legacies! Could stealing them out from under the noses of the five be that easy? I crossed my arms and let out a sigh. “I have to say I’m a little disappointed.”
Jax turned away from the guards and whispered. “If it helps, the garden is filled with people gawking and those two guards look so crusty they might be full of actual lemons.”
I shot Jax a pointed look. "I thought that's just how vampires looked? Black robed and ready to attend a perpetual funeral."
"You better hope they didn't hear you say that," she whispered and then glanced back over her shoulder at them. "How should we deal with the guards?"
"Follow my lead," I replied. I placed two fingers over my navel. "Dress, play ultrasonic jazz."
I sauntered over toward the fountain on my way to the brightly lit alcove, dipping my hands deep into my pockets. Jax walked alongside me and I hoped we looked like two party attendees just taking in the gardens. I passed over the scarf and the portal stone and grabbed the handful of marbles I’d stuffed in there earlier. 
Jax cocked her head to the side. "I hear nothing?"
"Duh, it's ultrasonic jazz.”
“Shouldn’t my fox ears pick that up?”
“I guess not? You know I’ve never quite understood how that works for supes who shift, be they animal or demonic forms. Do you have your animal powers all the time or just when you’re in that form?”
As we passed in front of the fountain, I dropped in the marbles one by one, and then fluffed my voluminous skirts one more time. With the bubbling of the water, I was fairly certain the vampire guards wouldn’t have noticed the slight noise.
Jax arched her brow, but didn’t comment. 
“I think it depends on the species? I know most shifters have enhanced perceptions, but it’s magnified when they’re in their beast forms.”
I sauntered in the alcove's direction, listening to the ambient music and bubbling fountain. Waiting. Looking normal.
“And you?” I pressed.
“I prefer to remain an enigma, my dear fae,” she said, dramatically batting her eyes.
I let out a genuine laugh, enjoying myself more than I had in a long time. “Fine, keep your secrets.”
“Says the fae,” Jax bantered back. We shared a smile, not just of the moment, but of the shenanigans to come.
When the rasping, slithering noise started behind me, I pretended interest in a lovely carved faun on a pedestal to one side of the alcove. “Look how delicate the features are on this one.”
“It’s remarkable,” Jax agreed.
There was a loud hissing from the direction of the fountain, followed shortly thereafter by a high-pitched scream.
“What the hells?” said one guard. “Do you see that?” she asked her companion.
“Looks like something came out of the fountain? I’ll take a look.” He pulled out his flashlight.
The first guard moved towards the fountain to get a better look, while the second pulled out her radio. “We’ve got a situation in the gardens. Some kind of creature is loose.”
The initial scream had drawn in a crowd as people wanted to see what was going on. The guard had to push through as he tried to shine his light on whatever was in the fountain.
“Crap, my radio isn’t working,” the closer guard called out. “How about yours?”
The other guard checked and then shook his head. “C’mon people, clear out and let me see what’s going on,” he said to the growing crowd. “Can you get someone with a working radio?” he called back to the remaining guard.
She glanced our way, but then took off in the direction of the dance hall. “On it!”
A round of screams preceded a quick exodus of the area surrounding the fountain. Several enormous jet-black pythons emerged from the fountain, their eyes glowing a bright ruby red. The vampire guard’s jaw dropped, but then they jumped into action, scooping up the wily beasts to protect the club visitors.
“Instant snake marbles?” Jax asked, but it felt like a rhetorical statement.
I nodded to Jax. “Water activated. They look scary, but they’re harmless if you leave them alone.”
“Ow!” the snake-wrestling vampire guard yelled out as he struggled to remain standing. One snake had firmly attached itself to his nose while another had wound itself around his legs.
Jax glanced my way. “They don’t seem harmless. And they’re like what, eight feet long?”
“Up to ten feet, but they aren’t venomous so the bite is superficial. Besides, can a vamp complain when something bites back?”
I rushed toward the now empty alcove, slipping inside to get a better look at what I was up against. Jax followed close behind me, then we both peeked out to see if anyone was paying attention to us.
“At least the vamp will heal quickly. How many marbles did you drop?” Jax whispered.
I couldn’t count the snakes in the dark, what with them being entwined and black. “Wow, they’re really going after that guard, eh? I didn’t count how many? At least five, but no more than fifteen.”
I grabbed her by the sleeve, pulling Jax deep into the alcove with me. While the alcove’s opening was only about six feet high and twelve feet wide, the inside opened up, forming an expansive semi-circle of space beyond with rounded walls and a domed roof. Our view of the fountain was obscured by the narrowed alcove opening, which meant anyone dealing with the marble snakes didn’t have a clear view of us.
The centerpiece of the space was a two-foot glass paneled steel-framed case mounted on the back wall and lit up by a row of spotlights. Five items ran the length of the case, each set on little clear glass pedestals against a backdrop of black velvet. But which one went with which of my five oppressors? 
I could guess the carved wolf moonstone was the wolf shifter Liam’s. The soapstone black panther must surely belong to the panther shifter, Marcos. The golden scorpion must be Emrys’, as his demi-god heritage hailed back to Isis. Then there was a theater-style god mask which, knowing his grandpa was Dionysos himself, could only have been Franc’s. That left an ancient-looking terracotta jar which I could only guess what was inside. From my process of elimination, must have been the incubi Caden’s. Whatever it was, I would have to take care not to break the waxy seal on the jar, lest I release something suitably demonic into the world.
“Do you have something in those pockets to open this lock?” Jax asked, spurring me into motion.
I fished around in my pockets. “Nope, but I don’t need one.”
“Going for a simple smash and grab?” Jax asked.
I pulled the purple infinity scarf from my pocket, holding out the loop to Jax. “Nothing so crude. Here, can you help me hold this against the glass?”
She took hold of it, and helped me lay it against the front of the glass cabinet. “Easily, but I don’t see…”
“Just like that, now hold still.” I pulled the fabric up, tucking the loose fabric into Jax’s fingers. Inside the loop there was now no glass, allowing me to reach right in to pilfer the items. “You hold that in place.” I reached in, plucking the golden scorpion off the small glass shelf. 
Jax gasped. “Where did you get this scarf and can I get one?” 
“I made it, of course. Crafting is my favorite hobby. Well, second to planning the downfall of my enemies.” One by one, each of the items made their way into my pockets. 
She nodded. “Obviously, so you’re saying you have more of these?”
“Perhaps, but that’d be a separate negotiation.” 
This time, when Jax smiled, I could see her kitsune spirit in the width of her toothy smile. I grabbed the wolf’s head moonstone last, emptying the case of the boys’ legacies. Digging around my pockets, I grabbed the portal stone and placed it in the middle now empty shelf.
“Keep holding it,” I directed, hastily scrawling a note on my pen and paper. The directions were simple: a twenty-four-hour deadline to portal to me before their time ran out and I claimed their legacies forever. I tucked the note under the portal stone. “That’s an invitation they can’t refuse. In fact, I’ll spend every moment of the next day just imagining them stewing over submitting to my challenge. Oh, you can let go of the scarf now,” I said to Jax.
Jax let go and the glass magically reappeared as the fabric came back together. I balled up the scarf and hid it away in a pocket along with my pen, and then gazed upon my handiwork, admiring the sheer simplicity of the theft.
“I really need one of those scarves,” she repeated. “Also, I take back my earlier comments on your dress. I need one of those, too, simply for the storage. Fewer flowers, but all the magic pockets. Maybe in faux fur?”
“Pockets are indeed a special magic, but I really need to get the hells out of here,” I whispered.
“Are you ladies all right?” came a deep voice from behind us, and I jumped at the interruption. 
We spun around. The guard was no longer bound up with snakes and he had a bit of grass in his hair and a smear of blood on his face from where the snake had bitten him. Because of his constitution, he’d already mostly healed, but I could still see where the fangs had broken his skin.
“We’re fine, there are no snakes in here,” Jax replied, flashing the guard a sultry smile. “Oh my, are you all right?”
“I’m fine, just checking on the legacies,” he pointed to the case, and then did a quick double take. “What the hells? What happened to the legacies?”
“What do you mean?” I replied, plastering on what I thought was my most innocent face. “That’s how it looked when we got here.”
The vampire looked us both over, suspicion suddenly wiping the concern from his features. He reached for his radio. Quick as a wink, a black-tipped auburn something snapped through the air, hitting the guard behind the head. He wobbled for a moment and then slumped to the ground, unconscious. When I looked around for the source, I couldn’t find what I’d just seen, and yet I knew what it had to have been.
“Was that your tail?”
A flush pinked Jax’s cheeks. “One of them.”
I looked behind her, but saw no sign of it. “Where did it go? And how many do you have, anyway?”
“Don’t be rude, T,” she said, brushing me off.
“You just tail-whipped a vampire right in front of me and I can’t ask about said tail’s existence?”
She frowned. “I don’t see you answering my questions about your magic.”
Another guard we hadn’t seen before showed up and knelt down over the vampire. “Oh my gosh, Chuck! Are you okay?”
This new guy looked to be merely human, but I couldn’t assume he wasn’t some variety of supe. Jax and I shared an apprehensive glance, and she pointed to a darker patch in the gardens. When the additional guard looked up, saw us, then the relatively empty display case, we took off running with Jax in the lead.
* * *

 
The Chase
“Hey you! Stop!” the guard yelled, but we didn’t listen. I could just make out the squawk of the radio followed by unintelligible swearing as the guard called for backup.
For me with my voluminous gown, running through the dark was easier said than done. Worse, I was leaving a trail of petals in my wake. At least we’d both chosen practical footwear. Jax and I rounded a hedgerow and ducked out of sight.
“What’s the fastest way out of here?” I asked, panting.
“There’s an exit at the far end of the gardens,” Jax explained. 
“Once we’re outside the club, I can portal us to safety,” I replied. “Lead on.”
Jax nodded. “There’s no way to hide that dress in this space.”
“Perhaps we can do our best to blend in? Don’t worry. I still have a trick or two up my skirts.”
Jax shook her head. “I hope you do, and that it’s enough to get us out of here.” She peeked around the hedge. “I don’t see anyone. Let’s try subtle fleeing.”
“It’s called sauntering, Jax.”
Jax rolled her eyes at me, and then we emerged from behind the bushes, walking along the rows as calm as two cucumbers. We reached the end of the row and turned into an area with many people milling about, but no one seemed to pay us much mind. 
“Did you see those snakes?” someone asked. 
“Oh my gods, one slithered over my foot!” I heard the reply, but we kept heading towards the exit. 
Passing by a server with a tray of champagne, who paused as we passed. “It’s complimentary because of the disturbance. Thanks for bearing with us.” 
“Don’t mind if I do, thanks,” I said, swiping two glasses, handing one to Jax. “To blend in,” I said to her.
She took a drink. “Can’t hurt, and I never turn down free bubbly.”
“You know, if I didn’t hate Franc so much, I’d totally party here. It’s swanky as fuck.”
“That’s what I’ve been trying to tell you. This place caters to supes like nowhere else in town. Although after this, we might be added to the banned list.”
“Stop right there!” came a shout from behind us. It had to be the guards! 
I didn’t even turn to look, but leapt into motion. Jax dashed us around statues of the muses, hedges, and arbors full of jasmine. The kitsune had an unnatural gift for evasion, quickly putting space between us and our would-be captors.
When we finally reached the exit, we stopped short to a familiar, if grouchy, face. The tall, dark, and ominous panther-shifter Marcos stood between us and freedom, holding the bowling pin I’d left for him in his hands. Tiny legs had sprouted from the base and now flailed about wildly, looking for purchase to run away from Marcos.
“Hey Taneisha,” he said to me. “I got your gift. And you are?” he asked Jax, his voice a deep purr. 
Jax actually blushed! Or was that just a flush from running? “Jax, and it’s so nice to meet you,” she said, looking him over. 
Sure, Marcos was built like a brick wall, but I didn’t need Jax falling for his stoic strength. “I’m glad you found me before we left,” I replied, pretending I was happy to see him. “I found that in some old things. Figured it would give you a laugh or two.”
He grimaced. “I’m not sure I understand, but thanks, I guess? I see you’re both leaving in a rush. I don’t suppose you had anything to do with the snake commotion by the fountain?”
“I saw them!” Jax offered. “Scary things. Big and black. But I’m sure you’re on top of the situation.”
“Uh, huh. Why don’t you ladies wait here with me while we sort things out?” he asked. “I can even get you more champagne while you wait?”
I heard the guards closing in, their radio chatter quickly growing in volume.
“I’m afraid we’ve got to go,” I said.
He waved the bowling pin in the air. “Funny, I don’t believe in coincidences. You’re here. Snakes in the fountain. Plus a knocked out guard. It’s got me wondering.”
Had he not heard of their legacies being stolen? Maybe not, since it was his night off? Either way, Jax and I had to escape while we still could. It would be a total waste of this perfect opportunity if the guys got their legacies back before I made my escape. I’d spent so long planning their comeuppance, I couldn’t back down now.
I pulled Jax close, wanting to make sure I didn’t leave her by accident when I got the opportunity to portal. 
“Give the craptacular five my regards,” I said to Marcos.
He squinted his eyes like he had a headache. “You mean the other four? Cause I’m right here.”
“Whatever, panther boy,” I taunted him. Marcos moved a step closer, and I knew it was now or never. I threw my glass at him, which he reflexively grabbed at. 
“Bomb!” I commanded my dress. 
Petals exploded from the dress like a massive glitter bomb, filling the air with a cacophony of color. I dragged Jax around Marcos and through the exit with me, flicking my fingers to open a portal just steps outside of the club. We passed through and I closed the portal before anyone could follow, leaving Jax and I alone in a fog of petal rain in a secluded park down the street from my place.
We both took a few moments to catch our breath.
Jax let out a giggle. “That was amazing, although it looks like your dress is missing that lovely train now.” 
I checked the hemline which had risen to calf-height after the release of the petal bomb. “It’s the sad cost of using the dress’s flower smokescreen enchantment,” I lamented.
“So worth it, T. Marcos never knew what hit him.”
I couldn’t hold back my grin. I reached my hands into my pockets, counting off my plunder one by one. “No he didn’t. I only wish I was there to see the looks on all of their faces when they find out I’ve stolen their precious legacies!”
“You’ll see them soon enough, I’d wager,” she smiled back at me. “Before you run off home, can I buy one of those magical infinity scarves from you, and if so, how much will it cost me?”
“Hmm,” I replied, considering Jax’s request. She’d become a reliable and interesting friend, and I owed her for going above and beyond on this mission. Not that I’d admit it, of course. “Yes, I’ll sell you one, but let me think about what it’ll cost you. I’ll let you know when it’s ready.”
Jax’s eyes shone with excitement. “Fantastico! Can it match my hair?”
“Auburn, got it! Thank you for your help today, kitsune.”
“Good luck with your revenge, fae!” she said, waving as she walked away.
“I don’t need luck,” I replied. “This one’s in the bag. Well, pockets.”
***