Taneisha's ethereal dress hugged my curves so perfectly that I couldn't help but do a little twirl. The fae always provided us with new attire before sending us on one of her quests, but this was the first time she actually asked for input from the people she was out to punish. Taneisha's growing fondness for me with each quest gave me pause. Even though it was preferable to her having it out for me as well, I knew that her mood could change at any moment due to her erratic personality. Perhaps she simply feared retribution from my mage family, and that’s all that was going on? 

“Where did you say you’re sending us next?” I asked her.

“I hadn’t, but it’s time for Emrys’ quest to start, so you can bet you’re off to the sun-swept desert sands of his heritage in search of his ancestral Isis-created golden scorpion.” Taneisha raised her voice at the end, speaking not just to me but to my five mates.

When they didn’t reply, I pouted in Emrys’ general direction, where the five of them stood huddled in quiet conversation. Did he want his legacy back, or what? The guys had been giving us a little space as they alternated between arguing amongst themselves and paying attention to the fae and I.

“Since it’s sandy in the desert, can I get some practical sneakers that are easy on and off? That way, I can empty them out on the go.” Taneisha flicked her fingers, and voila, perfectly fitting sneakers cradled my feet. “And this fabric, can we go lighter, but still with a good sunscreen rating?”

The fae rolled her eyes at me, but the fabric transformed under my touch. “I think you’re taking this ‘no harm’ pact a little far.”

“Even one serious sunburn drastically increases the risk of skin cancer," I replied, not at all sorry that I was pushing the boundaries of Taneisha’s promise to keep me safe. She was a flighty creature on the best of days, and if I reminded her a few extra times, I didn’t see the problem. I nodded towards the guys. “Can you give them all the same sunscreen-enhanced white fabric, too?”

With a flourish of her fingers, all five of the guys' clothes changed, but they kept muttering to each other as if nothing had happened. What were they going on about?

“How about some auto-filling canteens too?” I asked. “We don’t want anyone to get dehydrated.”

Taneisha sighed, but the canteens she had asked for showed up the next second, slung across bodies and over shoulders. “You’re really reducing the joy these quests are intended to bring me, Sera.” 

I failed to hold back my grin. “Did you expect they’d roll over and lose all of their legacies to you permanently?”

“Yes!” she huffed. “I blame you, Sera, for their sudden resourcefulness.”

“I’ll take that credit any day,” I replied. 

Tanisha nodded deliberately as she focused on a spot across her glen, the slightest frown tugging at her brows. A moment later, a portal opened to a sunny, sandy locale, the hot, dry air blowing into the fae’s demesne. 

“It’s time you all got a move on,” Taneisha announced, her voice raised for all of us to hear. “You have twenty four hours to retrieve the golden scorpion, or you’ll have to explain to Isis herself just what happened to it.”

Liam nodded our way, so I knew they could hear us, but their arguing continued unabated.

“I’ll advise you to travel together, lest the sands claim you,” the fae warned.

“Together,” answered Marcos.

“Sands,” replied Caden.

“Gotcha,” Emrys said.

“Their heads are stuck in the clouds today,” I said. I wanted to know what they were so preoccupied with, but my irritation with Franc, who’d claimed me as a mate with his Dionysian maenad-invoking magic, was smoldering in my belly. Not that I’d complained at the time. His efforts had cleansed my magic of the fae’s geas, but I still wasn’t sure how I felt about it.

Hells, I knew how I felt. I loved them all. I felt deeply connected to all five. But committing to mating? And then what would happen after we’d finished Taneisha’s last quest? Get some big condo in the city? 

I couldn’t even imagine trying to explain this situation to my grandmother. Not only weren’t they mages, there were five of them. Dara Lowe would have a hearty laugh, at least until she realized I wasn’t kidding.

Yet the choice of whether or not to mate had been taken away from me with Franc by fate, and as I looked the five over, I could feel the tipping point as viscerally as the grains of sand whipping in through the portal. 

“Especially Emrys,” Taneisha replied, drawing me out of my reverie. “What I wouldn’t give to see him knocked down to earth a few pegs.”

My gaze lingered on Emrys as I wondered about his mental state. He’d brought me back from the edge of death in the Temple, cementing a connection between us. He wasn’t the same cocky and overconfident person who’d talked me into this saga of quests, but that was good because I liked this version of him a whole lot better.

“You knocked him upside the head plenty with that penalty box stunt, Taneisha. I’m still not sure he’s completely back from that mind game.” Scratch that. I was positive he wasn’t entirely back to level, but I wasn’t about to tell the fae that.

“Agree to disagree?” she asked, baiting me.

I glowered at her in response. I needed Taneisha to back off of Emrys, especially on this last and final quest. We just had to get through this and then we could all go home safe. Instead of snapping back, I held my tongue, mindful that if I pushed too far, Taneisha was likely to up the stakes on Emrys’ quest.

“Fine, we’ll just disagree then. This journey seems to be working out all right for you, however. " Taneisha pressed. “There’s been more than a couple of moments that you’ve appeared quite, how should I put this, engaged?” 

Thinking back to the time I’d spent with my posse back in the Temple brought a flush of heat to my cheeks, and Taneisha’s brow arched in triumph.

“I’m not going to deny there’ve been some spectacular moments, but I’m left with more questions than answers at this point.”

“About your mates?” Taneisha asked casually, as if having five mates was a perfectly normal turn of fate. “Well, apparent mates.”

“Them, for sure,” I replied. But I wasn’t just thinking about my guys. 

This quest had put my magic through the paces every time. At times, my power had been completely walled off and inaccessible to me, while at other times it’d had been so hair trigger explosive I’d feared hurting those around me. After having to quit school due to being branded a failed mage, I'd been living in hiding from supernatural society, only occasionally showing up for big family parties. My magic had never been manageable or reliable, even after years of training, leaving me a veritable outcast from my family and the larger mage community.

I held my palm up before me, effortlessly conjuring a single violet flame. I maintained it for a few seconds before allowing it to dissipate. There was no undercurrent of chaos. No sensation that I was about to burst open at the seams. The chaotic fire that had always driven me to hermitage from other supes now lay patient and at the ready. Waiting.

“Something changed with my magic back at Velvet,” I whispered to myself, but I knew the fae had heard me.

Taneisha nodded. “Maybe you need to die and be reborn more often.” 

“Being revived by Em’s magic might have done it,” I mused. Could that have rebooted my powers? I couldn’t remember ever reading about such a thing in my studies back at the academy, but that didn’t exclude it as a possibility.

“This could be the result of Franc’s mating claim.” Taneisha gasped, and her brows shot up like she’d been hit by a bolt of inspiration. “Oh, you should let the others claim you and see what happens to your magic!”

Emrys separated from the guys and came over to my side just in time to hear the fae’s last sentence. “Mating isn’t another one of your games, fae,” he said to her. When his heated gaze fell on me, Emrys’ focus was absolute. He held out his hand. “Let’s get going. The sooner we get this done, the sooner we can make decisions without Taneisha meddling with our fates.”

I slid my hand into his, an electric tingle rolling down my body at our contact. When our eyes met, I knew he’d felt it too. 

“Lead on!” I replied. “Next time we see you, it’ll be to say goodbye,” I said to Taneisha over my shoulder.

“And good riddance,” Emrys muttered under his breath. 

We hurried hand in hand to the portal. I held Emrys back for a moment and called out to the others. "C'mon, the last one through is a soaked sprite!”

Caden glanced up and nodded to the others, but Liam held them back. 

“They’ll catch up,” Emrys said, pulling me through the portal into the desert sands.

“No, wait!” I heard Taneisha yell out behind us. “The rest of you, you have to go now!”

“Cool it, fae,” I heard Marcos reply. “We’re working something out. You may have us tied to your quests, but you can’t force our timeline”

“I warned you that you had to stick together!” Taneisha shouted, the timber of her voice escalating with panic. “You can’t split u-”

Then Taneisha’s voice abruptly cut out.

***

